**What is Generative AI?**

Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence that can generate content like images, audio, and text. For example, a user can ask Microsoft Copilot, an AI assistant, to create a logo for their new business, and it will generate a custom image based on the user’s prompt. The user can respond with critiques or adjustments, and Copilot will create an image that satisfies the user’s needs. To some, generative AI looks like magic, but it is actually much more complex than what meets the eye.

Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence in which a computer learns patterns to make predictions without being explicitly programmed. For example, chatbots pick up on the user’s language and respond similarly. Deep learning is a subset of machine learning that uses neural networks, a multilayer system based on the human brain, to learn patterns from a large set of data. The first layer is the input layer, which is the entry point for raw data. The second layer is the hidden layer, where weights are added to the input data and where the main computations are applied to make the raw data more helpful for detecting patterns. The third layer is the output layer, which makes the predictions or classifications. Simply put, generative AI is a subset of deep learning where data is transformed into meaningful data to recognise patterns, which helps it create new content. 

Fundamentally, there are three steps to how generative AI works: training, fine-tuning, and prompting. The first step is what was previously mentioned: training the neural network on lots of data to detect patterns. Then, fine-tuning feeds the trained model specific tasks to see if the model needs to make any adjustments to improve its accuracy. Finally, prompting is what most users are familiar with: giving the AI an instruction and gaining a response. 

To conclude, generative AI is a powerful tool that can be used day-to-day, for work, and more. Generative AI is integrated in Microsoft products such as Microsoft Copilot, a chatbot that can generate images, fix emails, and summarize documents. Additionally, generative AI is used in Microsoft 365, Azure, and GitHub. Microsoft has integrated AI to make tasks much simpler, which empowers people to achieve even more. 