**Overview**  
Tinea versicolor is a non-contagious fungal infection caused by Malassezia, a yeast naturally found on skin, and is commonly found in teenagers and young adults. Tinea versicolor occurs when Malassezia grows too much, which can happen, for example, due to warm and humid environments, oily skin, extreme sweating, hormonal changes, immune changes, or even diabetes. The overgrown yeast appears as small, light or dark patches on the neck, back, or chest, and can contain scaly-like textures. One of the main issues with tinea versicolor is that after you clear it, it often relapses and can also cause your skin color to change in the areas where it was cleared. 

**Problem Statement**  
Artificial intelligence is a useful tool that can be used to help educate others; however, AI sometimes confidently makes a response even when it is inaccurate, also known as hallucinations. Hallucinations may occur if an AI agent uses outdated sources, has limited information, or misinterprets information. In the medical field, confidently responding to a user incorrectly can result in massive consequences, including misdiagnoses, mismedication, or worse. The medical field is very difficult and challenging, but AI can be used to help, but we must be careful to avoid major disasters. 

**Objectives**  
In this project, I will create a tinea versicolor learning assistant, called VersiGuide, to help users learn more about tinea versicolor in conversation with AI, but also minimize hallucinations by using limited and trusted sources. Other generative AI’s are often too quick to diagnose or make conclusions about most things, but this AI agent is purely educational. VersiGuide will only respond with possibilities, explanations, and recommend professional advice. For privacy and control issues, VersiGuide will only use sources from The National Library of Medicine, one of the most trusted sources in the medical field. VersiGuide will break down complex concepts into simple language to help the user understand tinea versicolor, its symptoms, and more. Additionally, I want to show how easily Microsoft Foundry can be used to make a customized AI agent using your own desired sources, whether it is for privacy, control, or something else. This project is useful because it shows that dermatologists, patients, or anyone can make their own AI agent on niche topics, such as tinea versicolor, using their own research or trusted sources to create a learning assistant. 

**Expected Results**  
VersiGuide should help users simply learn about tinea versicolor with AI. It should define tinea versicolor, describe its usual symptoms, common locations, and general prevention strategies. It should not diagnose conditions, provide medication, nor should it respond with definitive conclusions, only possibilities. Instead, it should encourage the user to seek professional advice, like from a dermatologist. The goal is to help people learn more about tinea versicolor without worrying about being diagnosed or which sources the AI agent uses. VersiGuide is here to help people learn about tinea versicolor simply, fearlessly, and trustworthily. 